Enable base58 and base64 encoding parameters for Memcmp filters (#26437)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/developing/clients/jsonrpc-api.md

- `memcmp: <object>` - compares a provided series of bytes with program account data at a particular offset. Fields:

  - `offset: <usize>` - offset into program account data to start comparison
  - `bytes: <string>` - data to match, as encoded string

>   - `encoding: <string>` - encoding for filter `bytes` data, either "base58" or "base64". Data is limited in size to less than 129 decoded bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `encoding: <string>` - encoding for filter `bytes` data, either "base58" or "base64". Data is limited in size to 128 or fewer decoded bytes.
```

>     **NEW: This field, and base64 support generally, is only available in solana-core v1.10.30 or newer. Please omit when querying nodes on earlier versions**

Reviewer: should we mention 1.11.2 here too? (eg. 1.10.30 < 1.11.1 < 1.11.2)

Author: Oh, oops. I did decide not to backport but missed fixing this version. Thanks for catching!
